


 All right, everybody week three of the acceleration mandate I want to take a moment and welcome our campuses Newcastle me though. We love you one church multiple locations cranberry Welcome Newcastle me built today. Would you we love you guys so much? We're in the third week of a series called the acceleration mandate and It began as just a message in my heart
 that I thought was for me, and it evolved into something that was so much broader. It was for our church, and even more importantly, beyond our church, to what God was going to be doing in the kingdom around the world, and it's already come to pass since 2018. And so I was compelled by God to put it in book form, and I did. And so, the acceleration...
 mandate there's so much more in this book than I'm able to give you in three weeks and the reason on the on November 9th Sunday we're going to give every family one copy of it as a gift is that this is a roadmap for you to be able to maintain as a
 a multi-generational church and accelerate the Kingdom of God. So on November 9th we'll be giving out at all of our campuses a free copy of this book and I'm grateful to John Bevere and Chris Hodges for the forward they wrote and for John...
 Maxwell to write a special introduction to the book because all three of those men exemplify this message. That's why I asked him to do it. Today as we go into this, this is going to be such an incredible service today.
 my heart is just I'm just it's just overwhelmed of what we're going to experience today and in the coming years but so there's three simple points I want to give you today here's the first one that we will either divide to desolation or unite to accelerate that that the church the body of Christ in this hour is
 are going to divide to desolation or unite to acceleration. Jesus said a house divided against itself cannot stand. It will be brought to desolation. So a house united accelerates. A house divided absolutely becomes desolate. And we've seen that happen generations.
 after generation where the church is divided generationally and there's a move of God to accelerate his kingdom right now on the earth where that doesn't happen again and the scripture that came alive to me is is found in Malachi chapter four verse six this is an end time scripture pointing the last days of what God would do upon
 the earth before the return of Christ. In Malachi 4 verse 6, in referring to the hour in which we're living, he said, in God he will turn the hearts of the parents of the children, and he will turn the hearts of the children to the parents or else I will come and strike the land with total destruction.
 He's saying simply this. If the generations divide in that hour, the desolation that the earth will experience will take your breath away. And what I want to help you to see as we approach this sacred time, because this is a mandate, not a message. This is a mandate to accelerating God's kingdom. This isn't a sermon to hear. This is a...
 life to live. This is a message to embrace on every one of our levels. Every one of us have a call. Every one of us have, if you will, a divine call to be a person that stays united, generations. Here's the reality, generation...
 generations should never compete, they should complete, and historically that's not happened. Historically the generations did not complete, they divided and they competed for preferences and over the most ridiculous things, church, listen to me heart, listen to my heart please,
 The church is the only place where parents historically have forced their children out of their lives for a style of music or a preference of a speaker.
 But that will not happen here by the power of God. It will not happen here by the will of God. And we will yield to God and we will stay together. The God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob will be the God.
 of Victory Family Church and we will have three generations stay united and accelerate. Amen everybody because the measure of success is not in accumulation, it's in continuation. These aren't just simple statements, these are things that will make the difference between the earth being full of the glory of God and the earth being consumed with the result of the curse.
 of sin and division. The emerging generation is not a replacement. They're simply a reinforcement of the purpose of God and the plan of God. Years ago, I guess maybe five, six years ago now. I was
 on a trip with John Maxwell. There were about 11-12 of us and we went to Paraguay with him and it was a
 remarkable thing that God is doing in that man's ministry. And so, on the way down, we were on a plane together, and then we came back on that plane. They said, well, you guys are on a private plane, doesn't that cost money? Yet, and John Maxwell paid for everything. How many of you know when you have a great call on your life and you're touching literally millions
 people there's one thing to give into that ministry John said well I want you guys to come I'll pay for everything you just come and so he brought listen to me with him a group of younger men and women most of the men and women on that trip are not pastors there were just I think three of us that were pastors the rest were businessmen and women and on the way back and John Maxwell is
 one of the most just happy life-giving human beings I've ever met on planet earth but all of a sudden on the way back he got very serious and he really wasn't talking to the pastors at this point he was talking to the businessmen and women on that trip they were my age or a bit older and he said listen to me he said I'm
 75 years old and I want you to know in the last 10 years of my life I have produced more for the kingdom of God then then the 65 years before times 10 and here's what and he was very serious He said now listen to me He said if I hear that you guys have sold your businesses and just kind of went on the retirement road and
 end up at some stupid country club golfing and that's what you do for the rest of your life I'm gonna track you down and beat your head in he said don't waste your life this is the most productive part of your life
 You are, at this point in your life, a multiplier, and not a consumer. And he referred to an individual, not specifically, I didn't know who it was, he said, you know, and I guess one of the people owned some kind of villa in some other nation.
 He said, you know, how many times do you even go? He said, you haven't been there in five years. How much does it cost a year just to keep that stupid thing? Well, probably, you know, 100 grand.
 just to keep it he said get rid of that goofy thing and put that money into something that will last forever in the kingdom of God don't you know you're going to die someday and you're gonna stand before God and give an account what did you do with what it's not yours nothing's yours
 That's why everything that we're on this trip, I'm paying for it because it's not mine. I don't own anything. And John was a living example.
 what it meant to live your life. And by the way, this week I'm gonna be able to have the privilege of being with him again and just, and he'll pour into, he's such a remarkable man. Now he's...
 He's probably 78, 79 now, and he keeps a schedule that would wear a 20-year-old out because he lives for a purpose. These can be the greatest days of your life if you'll let God use you and accelerate you in the kingdom of God. Here's the second point. I want you to see that the lives of three generations in the Bible
 King David, King Solomon, and King Rhea Bohen. I want to take you very quickly through those three generations and show you the difference. Now, King David was a remarkable man. He had a lot of flaws, but he was a man after God's own heart.
 And God had given King David a command to build his temple. And then he spoke to David in his later part of his life, and he said, I'm not going to permit you to build it. Yet David had all the plans.
 And he was preparing to build the temple. He said, your son will build the temple, not you. David did something that very few people ever do generationally. In fact, to my understanding and my study of scripture, there's not one place in the lineage of the kings of Israel.
 where a king abdicated the throne prior to his death, except this time. David said, I am going to stop being the king and I'm going to instill...
 all my son while I'm alive and then I'm going to accelerate him. I'm not going to just live for my generation. I'm going to take everything I am, everything I have, everything God has entrusted to me.
 And I'm going to pour it into the purpose of God that I thought would happen with my hands. But it's going to happen in the next generation. In 1 Chronicles, chapter 22, just to read to you, verse 5 and verse 14, Yes.
 As David is now aware of this reality, listen to what he said. And David said, my son Solomon is young and inexperienced, and the house of the temple to be built for the Lord should be of great magnificence.
 and fame and splendor in the sight of all nations. Therefore, I will make preparations for it. Listen to me. Listen, listen, listen. Abraham generation, listen.
 into this therefore I make great preparations for it so David made extensive preparations before his death David did not live a one generation or life verse 14 and if anybody's been a parent you understand this sentence I have taken great
 things to provide.



